[PR-22095] Create integration partners pages at docs.talkable.com (#331)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/advanced_features/sheerid.rst

.. _advanced_features/sheerid:
.. include:: /partials/common.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Learn how to seamlessly integrate the SheerID app into your Talkable system. Follow our step-by-step guide for installation, API integration, and error handling to enhance your verification processes and improve campaign management.

> SheerID Integration

Reviewer: This is custom integration supported by PS team, so lets just have "Contact us" button + explain general info what this integration offers: Verifying Friends on Claim with SheerID.

=======================

Overview
--------

This documentation provides a comprehensive guide on integrating the SheerID app into your Talkable system.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

> - Access to SheerID Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to MySheerID Customer Portal.
```

> - SheerID Access Token provided by SheerID team or customer’s team.

Reviewer: Lets remove it as we're working on removing it
```suggestion
```

> - Basic knowledge of RESTful APIs and JSON.

Reviewer: Users don't need to do anything related to API with this integration but just install SheerID app in App Store and contact Campaign manager, so PS team will setup the integration.

.. _advanced_features/sheerid:
.. include:: /partials/common.rst

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn how to seamlessly integrate the SheerID app into your Talkable system. Follow our step-by-step guide for installation, API integration, and error handling to enhance your verification processes and improve campaign management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to seamlessly integrate SheerID verifications into your Talkable Campaign. Enable exclusive discounts and offers made for teachers, students, military, nurses, and more.
```

SheerID Integration
=======================

> With SheerID app, you can verify your customers' eligibility for your referral program. This way you can ensure that only the right customers are rewarded for their referrals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SheerID and Talkable integration, you can verify your customers' eligibility for your referral program and offer exclusive discounts and deals tailored for teachers, students, military personnel, nurses, and more.
```
